Mojang just made one of the weirdest
changes to librarian villagers that
nobody asked for. Let me explain. In the
next Minecraft update, Mojang finally
made name tags craftable. And this is
pretty great since name tags are super
useful. But it did have one negative.
The highest level trade of librarian
villagers became useless because rather
than getting loads of resources to level
librarians all the way up to unlock the
trade, you could just craft a name tag
with a piece of paper and a nugget.
Fortunately, Mojang saw this and changed
it. And since leveling a librarian
villager all the way up takes so many
resources, you'd think the master
librarian would have something really
good, like a guaranteed mending trade,
which would also help with how
infuriating for mending trades is, but
no. For whatever reason, Mojang gave
master librarians a guaranteed red and
yellow candle trade. This is even worse
than them just trading name tags.